[Python] strings - replace about.md file with concept files (#2348)
exercism/v3: languages/python/concepts/strings/about.md

> Python strings can be powerful. At their core, a string is an iterable of Unicode code points. There is no separate "character" type in Python. For a deep dive on what information a string is encoding (or, "how does the computer know how to translate zeroes and ones into letters?"), [this blog post is enduringly helpful][joel-on-text].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python `strings` can be powerful. At their core, strings are iterables of Unicode code points. There is no separate "character"  or "char" type in Python. For a deep dive on what information a string encodes (or, _"how does the computer know how to translate zeroes and ones into letters?"_), [this blog post is enduringly helpful][joel-on-text].
```

> As a Python data type, strings can be manipulated by various methods, split into letters, used to join a list of strings into one string, amongst other things. The simplest way to create a string is by literally delimiting with `"` or `'` (e.g. `mystring = "astring"`); however, strings can also be written across multiple lines by using triple quotes (`"""`), or written to be used as a format string, like this: `f"{variable_will_be_interpolated_here}"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Python data type, strings (`str`)  can be transformed by various methods, split into letters/symbols, and joined together to create larger strings - amongst other things. 

The simplest way to create a `str` is by delimiting it with `"` or `'` (e.g. `mystring = "astring"`);  but strings can also be written across multiple lines by using triple quotes (`"""` or `'''`), or [interpolated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_interpolation), like this: `f"{variable_will_be_interpolated_here}"`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Construction  

The simplest way to create a `str` literal is by delimiting it with `"` or `'`.  Strings can also be written across multiple lines by using triple quotes (`"""` or `'''`) .   

```python
single_quoted = 'Single quotes allow "double quoting" without "escape" characters.'

double_quoted = "Double quotes allow embedded 'single quoting' without 'escape' characters".

triple_quoted =  '''Three single quotes or double quotes in a row allow for multi-line string literals.  You will most often encounter these as "doc strings" or "doc tests" written just below the first line of a function or class definition.  They are often used with auto documentation tools.''' 
```

String literals that are part of a single expression and are separated only by white space are _implicitly concatenated_ into a single string literal:

```python
("I do not "
"like "
"green eggs and ham.") == "I do not like green eggs and ham."
```  

Additionally,  [interpolated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_interpolation) strings (`f-strings`) can be formed:

```python
my_name = "Praveen"

intro_string = f"Hi! My name is {my_name}, and I'm happy to be here!"

>>>print(intro_string)
Hi! My name is Praveen, and I'm happy to be here!
```

Finally, the  [`str()` constructor](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str) can be used to create/coerce strings from other objects/types.  However, the `str` constructor _**will not iterate**_ through an object , so if something like a `list` of elements needs to be connected, `.join()` is a better option: 

```python
>>> my_number = 675
>>> str(my_number)
'675'

>>> my_list = ["hen", "egg", "rooster"]
>>> str(my_list)
"['hen', 'egg', 'rooster']"

>>> ' '.join(my_list)
'hen egg rooster'
```

### Formatting

Python provides a rich set of tools for [formatting](https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#custom-string-formatting) and [templating](https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#template-strings) strings, as well as more sophisticated text processing through the [re (_regular expressions_)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html), [difflib (_sequence comparison_)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/difflib.html), and [textwrap](https://docs.python.org/3/library/textwrap.html) modules.   For a great introduction to string formatting in Python, see [this post at Real Python](https://realpython.com/python-string-formatting/).  

For more details on string methods, see [Strings and Character Data in Python](https://realpython.com/python-strings/) at the same site.

###  Related types and encodings

In addition to `str` (a *text* sequence), Python has corresponding  [binary sequence types](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#binaryseq) `bytes` (a *binary* sequence),  `bytearray` and `memoryview` for the efficient storage and handling of binary data.  Additionally, [Streams](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-stream.html#streams) allow sending and receiving binary data over a network connection without using callbacks.
```

> New strings can be created by concatenating other strings, using the `+` operator, or by using `.join()`. The `.format()` method or the format string syntax shown above are the most common way to interpolate strings. All of these methods return a new instance of a string, since a string itself is immutable.
> 
> ### More about Python logging
> 
> Python has a useful [built-in logging library][logging-library], aptly named `logging`. It handles cases similar
> to the ones you just finished working on, and many more. It's very often used in projects, and is worthwhile to know.
> 
> [joel-on-text]: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/
> [logging-library]: https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/logging.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String literals that are part of a single expression and are separated only by white space are _implicitly concatenated_ into a single string literal:

```python
("I do not "
"like "
"green eggs and ham.") == "I do not like green eggs and ham."```  

Additionally,  [interpolated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_interpolation) strings (`f-strings`) can be formed:

```python
my_name = "Praveen"

intro_string = f"Hi! My name is {my_name}, and I'm happy to be here!"

>>>print(intro_string)
Hi! My name is Praveen, and I'm happy to be here!```

Finally, the  [`str()` constructor](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str) can be used to create/coerce strings from other objects/types.  However, the `str` constructor _**will not iterate**_ through an object , so if something like a `list` of elements needs to be connected, `.join()` is a better option: 

```python
>>> my_number = 675
>>> str(my_number)
'675'

>>> my_list = ["hen", "egg", "rooster"]
>>> str(my_list)
"['hen', 'egg', 'rooster']"

>>> ' '.join(my_list)
'hen egg rooster'```  

### Formatting

Python provides a rich set of tools for [formatting](https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#custom-string-formatting) and [templating](https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#template-strings) strings, as well as more sophisticated text processing through the [re (_regular expressions_)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html), [difflib (_sequence comparison_)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/difflib.html), and [textwrap](https://docs.python.org/3/library/textwrap.html) modules.   For a great introduction to string formatting in Python, see [this post at Real Python](https://realpython.com/python-string-formatting/).  

For more details on string methods, see [Strings and Character Data in Python](https://realpython.com/python-strings/) at the same site.

###  Related types and encodings

In addition to `str` (a *text* sequence), Python has corresponding  [binary sequence types](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#binaryseq) `bytes` (a *binary* sequence),  `bytearray` and `memoryview` for the efficient storage and handling of binary data.  Additionally, [Streams](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-stream.html#streams) allow sending and receiving binary data over a network connection without using callbacks.
```
```
